---
title: "C Loyal Loyalty Point Agent"
description: "meta description of the page"
---

# C Loyal - Loyalty Point Agent Web App

[Source Code](https://github.com/drigoalexander/frontend) | [Reference](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/drigo-alexander-9a36a01a8_frontend-nuxt-vue-activity-6956797006224789504-Gql3?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop)

> This Project Has Taken Down Due to Domain Expired

In the realm of technology and innovation, the Loyalty Points and Reward Redemption project emerged as the culmination of our journey at Alterra Academy. With a vision to empower users with the ability to redeem coupons and reap rewards, this project brought together a diverse team comprising Quality Assurance experts, Backend developers, Frontend engineers, UI/UX designers, and Mobile Developers. As we embarked on this venture, we encountered a unique set of challenges that tested our abilities to work asynchronously while staying firmly on track. In this article, we delve into the intricate details of this project, highlighting the role I played as the lead frontend engineer, the technologies we employed, and the core features we developed.

## Navigating the Role of Lead Frontend Engineer

In the ever-evolving landscape of frontend development, my role as the lead frontend engineer was multifaceted. My responsibilities encompassed selecting the most suitable technologies for the frontend, conducting meticulous code reviews, and providing regular progress updates to the team while addressing any impediments encountered by the frontend squad. It was a role that demanded both technical expertise and effective communication skills, ensuring the seamless integration of our frontend efforts with the broader project objectives.

## The Technological Arsenal

In crafting the frontend of this loyalty point and reward redemption platform, we harnessed a range of cutting-edge technologies. At the heart of our frontend architecture lay Nuxt 2, a framework that empowers developers to build fast, interactive web applications. TailwindCSS, a utility-first CSS framework, enabled us to create responsive and visually appealing user interfaces. To manage our global state effectively, we employed Vuex, providing a centralized store for all our frontend components. For robust UI testing, we turned to Storybook.JS, a tool that streamlined the process of developing and testing UI components. And to facilitate HTTP requests, Axios played a pivotal role, ensuring seamless communication between our frontend and backend systems.

## Project Features Unveiled

Our loyalty points and reward redemption platform boasted an array of features designed to enhance the user experience and empower users to make the most of their loyalty points. The key features included:

1. **Coupon Management (CRUD)**: Users had the ability to create, read, update, and delete coupons, offering them flexibility and control over their rewards.
1. **Coupon Redemption**: The platform enabled users to seamlessly redeem their hard-earned coupons, transforming loyalty points into tangible rewards.
1. **User Login**: We implemented a robust user authentication system, ensuring secure access to the platform and protecting user data.
1. **User Profile Management**: Users could effortlessly modify their profiles, reflecting changing preferences and personal information.

Here's the video of the c-loyal project :

<video id="ember1776_html5_api" class="vjs-tech" tabindex="-1" preload="metadata" poster="https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/C5605AQFanes4VMDFjw/videocover-low/0/1658629623442?e=1696532400&amp;v=beta&amp;t=ZmUXRw2UxYa-NRfR-Qylmvl7BPemXtNVQyTjASlpO_0" src="https://dms.licdn.com/playlist/vid/C5605AQFanes4VMDFjw/mp4-720p-30fp-crf28/0/1658629634314?e=1696532400&amp;v=beta&amp;t=3rp_1gRn-Aqn7zfzfnuxqK6hLXZ-V8Sboj7j-ajqkNY" autoplay="autoplay"></video>
